grub-reboot: add page (#9914)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/grub-reboot.md

# grub-reboot

> Set the default boot entry for GRUB, for the next boot only.
> More information: <https://manned.org/grub-reboot>.

> - Set the boot entry to a entry number, name or identifier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the default boot entry to an entry number, name or identifier for the next boot:
```

> `sudo grub-reboot {{menu_entry}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sudo grub-reboot {{entry_number}}`
```

> - Set the boot entry to a entry number, name or identifier for alternative boot directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the default boot entry to an entry number, name or identifier for an alternative boot directory for the next boot:
```

> `sudo grub-reboot --boot-directory {{/path/to/directory}} {{menu_entry}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sudo grub-reboot --boot-directory {{/path/to/boot_directory}} {{entry_number}}`
```
